# The components owners
components/affix/**                       @cipchk
components/anchor/**                      @cipchk
components/back-top/**                    @cipchk
components/list/**                        @cipchk
components/upload/**                      @cipchk
components/auto-complete/**               @hsuanxyz
components/avatar/**                      @hsuanxyz
components/badge/**                       @hsuanxyz
components/comment/**                     @hsuanxyz
components/drawer/**                      @hsuanxyz
components/mention/**                     @hsuanxyz
components/modal/**                       @hsuanxyz
components/steps/**                       @hsuanxyz
components/tag/**                         @hsuanxyz
components/tree-select/**                 @hsuanxyz
components/tree-view/**                   @hsuanxyz
components/typography/**                  @hsuanxyz
components/space/**                       @hsuanxyz
components/resizable/**                   @hsuanxyz
components/tabs/**                        @hsuanxyz
components/breadcrumb/**                  @simplejason
components/empty/**                       @simplejason
components/carousel/**                    @simplejason
components/cascader/**                    @simplejason
components/descriptions/**                @simplejason
components/icon/**                        @simplejason
components/message/**                     @simplejason
components/notification/**                @simplejason
components/popconfirm/**                  @simplejason
components/popover/**                     @simplejason
components/progress/**                    @simplejason
components/rate/**                        @simplejason
components/result/**                      @simplejason
components/slider/**                      @simplejason
components/statistic/**                   @simplejason
components/timeline/**                    @simplejason
components/tooltip/**                     @simplejason
components/code-editor/**                 @simplejason
components/segmented/**                   @simplejason
components/calendar/**                    @wenqi73
components/date-picker/**                 @wenqi73
components/skeleton/**                    @wenqi73
components/time-picker/**                 @wenqi73
components/alert/**                       @vthinkxie
components/button/**                      @vthinkxie
components/card/**                        @vthinkxie
components/checkbox/**                    @vthinkxie
components/collapse/**                    @vthinkxie
components/divider/**                     @vthinkxie
components/dropdown/**                    @vthinkxie
components/grid/**                        @vthinkxie
components/input/**                       @vthinkxie
components/input-number/**                @vthinkxie
components/layout/**                      @vthinkxie
components/menu/**                        @vthinkxie
components/pagination/**                  @vthinkxie
components/radio/**                       @vthinkxie
components/select/**                      @vthinkxie
components/spin/**                        @vthinkxie
components/switch/**                      @vthinkxie
components/table/**                       @vthinkxie
components/tree/**                        @simplejason
components/form/**                        @danranVm
components/page-header/**                 @CK110
components/transfer/**                    @Ricbet
components/i18n/**                        @wenqi73
components/pipes/**                       @chensimeng
components/image/**                       @stygian-desolator
components/qr-code/**                     @OriginRing
components/cron-expression/**             @OriginRing
components/water-mark/**                  @OriginRing
components/color-picker/**                @OriginRing
components/hash-code/**                   @OriginRing
components/flex/**                        @ParsaArvanehPA

# The `components/core/*` owners
components/core/config/**                 @simplejason
components/core/element-patch/**          @simplejason
components/core/highlight/**              @hsuanxyz
components/core/resize-observers/**       @simplejason
components/core/logger/**                 @simplejason
components/core/no-animation/**           @hsuanxyz
components/core/outlet/**                 @vthinkxie
components/core/time/**                   @wenqi73
components/core/trans-button/**           @hsuanxyz
components/core/transition-patch/**       @vthinkxie
components/core/tree/**                   @simplejason @hsuanxyz
components/core/wave/**                   @hsuanxyz

# Misc
docs/**                                   @NG-ZORRO/antd
schematics/**                             @hsuanxyz
script/**                                 @hsuanxyz
README.md                                 @vthinkxie
README-zh_CN.md                           @vthinkxie
CONTRIBUTING.md                           @vthinkxie
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md                        @vthinkxie
